Update 06.processrules.md (#145)
neuvector/docs: versioned_docs/version-5.4/05.policy/06.processrules/06.processrules.md

### Policy -> Groups -> Process Profile Rules

> NeuVector offers two process and file protection modes: Zero-Drift enforces strict adherence to the original container image by only allowing files and processes originating from the parent process present in the original container image and observed during the learning phase; Basic provides broader protection learning and allowing all running processes inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeuVector offers two process and file protection modes:

- Zero-drift: Enforces strict adherence to the original container image by only allowing files and processes originating from the parent process present in the original container image and observed during the learning phase.
- Basic: Provides broader protection learning and is used in allowing all running processes inside the container.
```

> There are two types of Process/File protections in NeuVector. One is Zero-drift, where allowed process and file activity are automatically determined based on the container image, and second is a behavioral learning based. Each can be customized (rules added manually) if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each can be customized with rules added manually if desired.
```

Reviewer: I believe this text is just a repeat of the introduction so I've just edited it down.

#### Zero-drift Process Protection

> This is the default mode for process and file protections. Zero-drift only allows processes which originate from the parent process that is in the original container image, and were learned during the Discovery phase. Zero-drift does not allow file updates or new files to be installed. When in Discover or Monitor mode, zero-drift will alert on any suspicious process or file activity. In Protect mode, it will block such activity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default mode for process and file protections. Zero-drift only allows processes which originate from the parent process that is in the original container image, and were learned during the Discovery phase. Zero-drift does not allow file updates or new files to be installed. When in Discover or Monitor mode, Zero-drift will alert on any suspicious process or file activity. In Protect mode, it will block such activity.
```

> Starting on version 5.4.x, Zero-drift does require processes to be learned or manually added to an allow-list. Now Zero-drift will only allow what has been learned and allowed in the process profile rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Starting with version 5.4.0, Zero-drift does require processes to be learned or manually added to an allow-list. Now Zero-drift will only allow what has been learned and allowed in the process profile rules.
```

:::note

> The process/file rules listed for each group can be manually edited; you can also add and remove existing rules. This offers a way to add allow/deny exceptions to the base zero-drift protections. Keep in mind that if a group starts in Discover mode, process/file rules will be automatically added to the list and should be reviewed and edited before moving to Monitor/Protect modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process/file rules listed for each group can be manually edited; you can also add and remove existing rules. This offers a way to add allow/deny exceptions to the base Zero-drift protections. Keep in mind that if a group starts in Discover mode, process/file rules will be automatically added to the list and should be reviewed and edited before moving to Monitor/Protect modes.
```

:::

> The ability to enable/disable zero-drift mode is in the console in Policy -> Groups. Multiple groups can be selected to toggle this setting for all selected groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to enable/disable Zero-drift mode is in the console in Policy -> Groups. Multiple groups can be selected to toggle this setting for all selected groups.
```

Reviewer: Adjusted this spelling to match formatting in document.
